What nonsense people talk about happy marriages!  A man can be happy with
any woman so long as he doesn't love her.
		-- Oscar Wilde
An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.
Decorate your home.  It gives the illusion that your life is more
interesting than it really is.
		-- C. Schulz
mummy, n.:
	An Egyptian who was pressed for time.
Why do they call a fast a fast, when it goes so slow?
If God had a beard, he'd be a UNIX programmer.
Take a lesson from the whale; the only time he gets speared is when he
raises to spout.
You are a wish to be here wishing yourself.
		-- Philip Whalen
There was a phone call for you.
The speed of anything depends on the flow of everything.
I don't care where I sit as long as I get fed.
		-- Calvin Trillin
Burke's Postulates:
	Anything is possible if you don't know what you are talking about.
	Don't create a problem for which you do not have the answer.
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a
warning to others.
Sodd's Second Law:
	Sooner or later, the worst possible set of circumstances is
	bound to occur.
sillema sillema nika su
The Great Movie Posters:

An AVALANCHE of KILLER WORMS!
		-- Squirm (1976)

Most Movies Live Less Than Two Hours.
This Is One of Everlasting Torment!
		-- The New House on the Left (1977)

WE ARE GOING TO EAT YOU!
		-- Zombie (1980)

It's not human and it's got an axe.
		-- The Prey (1981)
What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.
"Pok pok pok, P'kok!"
-- Superchicken
"We'll look into it":
	By the time the wheels make a full turn, we
	assume you will have forgotten about it, too.
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
"It's not just a computer -- it's your ass."
-- Cal Keegan
Humans are communications junkies.  We just can't get enough.
		-- Alan Kay
Witch!  Witch!  They'll burn ya!
		-- Hag, "Tomorrow is Yesterday", stardate unknown
"Is it really you, Fuzz, or is it Memorex, or is it radiation sickness?" 
-- Sonic Disruptors comics
Sweater, n.:
	A garment worn by a child when its mother feels chilly.
Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.
Most legends have their basis in facts.
		-- Kirk, "And The Children Shall Lead", stardate 5029.5
Laws of Computer Programming:
	(1) Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
	(2) Any given program costs more and takes longer.
	(3) If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
	(4) If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
	(5) Any given program will expand to fill all available memory.
	(6) The value of a program is proportional the weight of its output.
	(7) Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of
		the programmer who must maintain it.
QOTD:
	"East is east... and let's keep it that way."
He didn't run for reelection.  "Politics brings you into contact with all
the people you'd give anything to avoid," he said. "I'm staying home."
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegone Days"
What no spouse of a writer can ever understand is that a writer is working
when he's staring out the window.
...Saure really turns out to be an adept at the difficult art of papryomancy,
the ability to prophesy through contemplating the way people roll reefers -
the shape, the licking pattern, the wrinkles and folds or absence thereof
in the paper.  "You will soon be in love," sez Saure, "see, this line here."
"It's long, isn't it?  Does that mean --" "Length is usually intensity.
Not time."
-- Thomas Pynchon, _Gravity's Rainbow_
You have junk mail.
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
I did cancel one performance in Holland where they thought my music was so easy
that they didn't rehearse at all.  And so the first time when I found that out,
I rehearsed the orchestra myself in front of the audience of 3,000 people and
the next day I rehearsed through the second movement -- this was the piece
_Cheap Imitation_ -- and they then were ashamed.  The Dutch people were ashamed
and they invited me to come to the Holland festival and they promised to
rehearse.  And when I got to Amsterdam they had changed the orchestra, and
again, they hadn't rehearsed.  So they were no more prepared the second time
than they had been the first.  I gave them a lecture and told them to cancel
the performance; they then said over the radio that i had insisted on their
cancelling the performance because they were "insufficiently Zen."  
Can you believe it?
-- composer John Cage, "Electronic Musician" magazine, March 88, pg. 89
I just heard the SEVENTIES were over!!  And I was just getting in touch
with my LEISURE SUIT!!
There is Jackson standing like a stone wall.  Let us determine to die,
and we will conquer.  Follow me.
		-- General Barnard E. Bee (CSA)
	A manager was about to be fired, but a programmer who worked for him
invented a new program that became popular and sold well.  As a result, the
manager retained his job.
	The manager tried to give the programmer a bonus, but the programmer
refused it, saying, "I wrote the program because I though it was an interesting
concept, and thus I expect no reward."
	The manager, upon hearing this, remarked, "This programmer, though he
holds a position of small esteem, understands well the proper duty of an
employee.  Lets promote him to the exalted position of management consultant!"
	But when told this, the programmer once more refused, saying, "I exist
so that I can program.  If I were promoted, I would do nothing but waste
everyone's time.  Can I go now?  I have a program that I'm working on."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Q:	What's the difference between USL and the Titanic?
A:	The Titanic had a band.
Q:	Why did the lone ranger kill Tonto?
A:	He found out what "kimosabe" really means.
Some performers on television appear to be horrible people, but when
you finally get to know them in person, they turn out to be even worse.
		-- Avery
Many a man that can't direct you to a corner drugstore will get a respectful
hearing when age has further impaired his mind.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne
"I don't know why, but first C programs tend to look a lot worse than
first programs in any other language (maybe except for fortran, but then
I suspect all fortran programs look like `firsts')"
(By Olaf Kirch)
We're fantastically incredibly sorry for all these extremely unreasonable
things we did.  I can only plead that my simple, barely-sentient friend
and myself are underprivileged, deprived and also college students.
		-- Waldo D.R. Dobbs
Without fools there would be no wisdom.
"The rotter who simpers that he sees no difference between a five-dollar bill 
and a whip deserves to learn the difference on his own back -- as, I think, he 
will."
-- Francisco d'Anconia, in Ayn Rand's _Atlas Shrugged_
Pohl's law:
	Nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate it.
The world has many unintentionally cruel mechanisms that are not
designed for people who walk on their hands.
		-- John Irving, "The World According to Garp"
Future looks spotty.  You will spill soup in late evening.
The major difference between bonds and bond traders is that the bonds will
eventually mature.
Fun experiments:
	Get a can of shaving cream, throw it in a freezer for about a week.
	Then take it out, peel the metal off and put it where you want...
	bedroom, car, etc.  As it thaws, it expands an unbelievable amount.
In defeat, unbeatable; in victory, unbearable.
		-- W. Churchill, on General Montgomery
"All Bibles are man-made."
-- Thomas Edison
QUESTION AUTHORITY.

(Sez who?)
Be assured that a walk through the ocean of most Souls would scarcely
get your Feet wet.  Fall not in Love, therefore: it will stick to your face.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"
"If anything can go wrong, it will."
-- Edsel Murphy
What the world *really* needs is a good Automatic Bicycle Sharpener.
/usr/news/gotcha
One has to look out for engineers -- they begin with sewing machines
and end up with the atomic bomb.
		-- Marcel Pagnol
Think honk if you're a telepath.
Making files is easy under the UNIX operating system.  Therefore, users
tend to create numerous files using large amounts of file space.  It has
been said that the only standard thing about all UNIX systems is the
message-of-the-day telling users to clean up their files.
		-- System V.2 administrator's guide
	"Wrong," said Renner.
	"The tactful way," Rod said quietly, "the polite way to disagree with
the Senator would be to say, `That turns out not to be the case.'"
Real World, The, n.:
	1. In programming, those institutions at which programming may
be used in the same sentence as FORTRAN, COBOL, RPG, IBM, etc.  2. To
programmers, the location of non-programmers and activities not related
to programming.  3. A universe in which the standard dress is shirt and
tie and in which a person's working hours are defined as 9 to 5.  4.
The location of the status quo.  5. Anywhere outside a university.
"Poor fellow, he's left MIT and gone into the real world."  Used
pejoratively by those not in residence there.  In conversation, talking
of someone who has entered the real world is not unlike talking about a
deceased person.
To be successful, a woman has to be much better at her job than a man.
		-- Golda Meir
The goal of Computer Science is to build something that will last at
least until we've finished building it.
Absence is to love what wind is to fire.  It extinguishes the small,
it enkindles the great.
Yow!  Did something bad happen or am I in a drive-in movie??
QOTD:
	"I haven't come far enough, and don't call me baby."
Hmmm ... A hash-singer and a cross-eyed guy were SLEEPING on a deserted
island, when ...
I was working on a case.  It had to be a case, because I couldn't afford a
desk.  Then I saw her.  This tall blond lady.  She must have been tall
because I was on the third floor.  She rolled her deep blue eyes towards
me.  I picked them up and rolled them back.  We kissed.  She screamed.  I
took the cigarette from my mouth and kissed her again.
History repeats itself only if one does not listen the first time.
Mix's Law:
	There is nothing more permanent than a temporary building.
	There is nothing more permanent than a temporary tax.
We totally deny the allegations, and we're trying to identify the allegators.
To write good code is a worthy challenge, and a source of civilized delight.
-- stolen and paraphrased from William Safire
Wonderful day.  Your hangover just makes it seem terrible.
Knowledge is power -- knowledge shared is power lost.
		-- Aleister Crowley
When a fellow says, "It ain't the money but the principle of the thing,"
it's the money.
		-- Kim Hubbard
He is considered a most graceful speaker who can say nothing in the most words.
Norbert Weiner was the subject of many dotty professor stories.  Weiner was, in
fact, very absent minded.  The following story is told about him: when they
moved from Cambridge to Newton his wife, knowing that he would be absolutely
useless on the move, packed him off to MIT while she directed the move.  Since
she was certain that he would forget that they had moved and where they had
moved to, she wrote down the new address on a piece of paper, and gave it to
him.  Naturally, in the course of the day, an insight occurred to him.  He
reached in his pocket, found a piece of paper on which he furiously scribbled
some notes, thought it over, decided there was a fallacy in his idea, and
threw the piece of paper away.  At the end of the day he went home (to the
old address in Cambridge, of course).  When he got there he realized that they
had moved, that he had no idea where they had moved to, and that the piece of
paper with the address was long gone.  Fortunately inspiration struck.  There
was a young girl on the street and he conceived the idea of asking her where
he had moved to, saying, "Excuse me, perhaps you know me.  I'm Norbert Weiner
and we've just moved.  Would you know where we've moved to?"  To which the
young girl replied, "Yes, Daddy, Mommy thought you would forget."
	The capper to the story is that I asked his daughter (the girl in the
story) about the truth of the story, many years later.  She said that it wasn't
quite true -- that he never forgot who his children were!  The rest of it,
however, was pretty close to what actually happened...
		-- Richard Harter
"The fundamental purpose animating the Faith of God and His Religion is to
safeguard the interests and promote the unity of the human race, and to foster
the spirit of love and fellowship amongst men. Suffer it not to become a source
of dissension and discord, of hate and enmity."

"Religion is verily the chief instrument for the establishment of order in the
 world and of tranquillity amongst it's peoples...The greater the decline of
 religion, the more grievous the waywardness of the ungodly. This cannot but
 lead in the end to chaos and confusion."
-- Baha'u'llah, a selection from the Baha'i scripture
Courage is grace under pressure.
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
		-- Alfred Adler
"May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house."
-- George Carlin
Worst Vegetable of the Year:
	The brussels sprout.  This is also the worst vegetable of next year.
		-- Steve Rubenstein
... The cable had passed us by; the dish was the only hope, and eventually
we were all forced to turn to it.  By the summer of '85, the valley had more
satellite dishes per capita than an Eskimo village on the north slope of
Alaska.

Mine was one of the last to go in.  I had been nervous from the start about
the hazards of too much input, which is a very real problem with these
things.  Watching TV becomes a full-time job when you can scan 200 channels
all day and all night and still have the option of punching Night Dreams
into the video machine, if the rest of the world seems dull.
-- Hunter Thompson, "Full-time scrambling", _Generation of Swine_
A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.
I can give you my word, but I know what it's worth and you don't.
		-- Nero Wolfe, "Over My Dead Body"
"If you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets and 
fire them all off, wouldn't you?"
-- Garrison Keillor
If I told you you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
... Had this been an actual emergency, we would have fled in terror,
and you would not have been informed.
My father was a saint, I'm not.
		-- Indira Gandhi
What is mind?  No matter.  What is matter?  Never mind.
		-- Thomas Hewitt Key, 1799-1875
Well I looked at my watch and it said a quarter to five,
The headline screamed that I was still alive,
I couldn't understand it, I thought I died last night.
I dreamed I'd been in a border town,
In a little cantina that the boys had found,
I was desperate to dance, just to dig the local sounds.
When along came a senorita,
She looked so good that I had to meet her,
I was ready to approach her with my English charm,
When her brass knuckled boyfriend grabbed me by the arm,
And he said, grow some funk of your own, amigo,
Grow some funk of your own.
We no like to with the gringo fight,
But there might be a death in Mexico tonite.
...
Take my advice, take the next flight,
And grow some funk, grow your funk at home.
		-- Elton John, "Grow Some Funk of Your Own"
For those of you who have been unfortunate enough to never have tasted the
'Great Chieftain O' the Pudden Race' (i.e. haggis) here is an easy to follow
recipe which results in a dish remarkably similar to the above mentioned
protected species.
	Ingredients:
	  1 Sheep's Pluck (heart, lungs, liver) and bag
	  2 teacupsful toasted oatmeal
	  1 teaspoonful salt
	  8 oz. shredded suet
	  2 small onions
	1/2 teaspoonful black pepper
    
	Scrape and clean bag in cold, then warm, water.  Soak in salt water
overnight.  Wash pluck, then boil for 2 hours with windpipe draining over
the side of pot.  Retain 1 pint of stock.  Cut off windpipe, remove surplus
gristle, chop or mince heart and lungs, and grate best part of liver (about
half only).  Parboil and chop onions, mix all together with oatmeal, suet,
salt, pepper and stock to moisten.  Pack the mixture into bag, allowing for
swelling.  Boil for three hours, pricking regularly all over.  If bag not
available, steam in greased basin covered by greaseproof paper and cloth for
four to five hours.
In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to
be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's
beloved.
		-- Russell Baker
When the fog came in on little cat feet last night, it left these little
muddy paw prints on the hood of my car.
The English country gentleman galloping after a fox -- the unspeakable
in full pursuit of the uneatable.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "A Woman of No Importance"
Be assured that a walk through the ocean of most Souls would scarcely
get your Feet wet.  Fall not in Love, therefore: it will stick to your face.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"
Spouse, n.:
	Someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you
	wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single.
Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Who made the world I cannot tell;
'Tis made, and here am I in hell.
My hand, though now my knuckles bleed,
I never soiled with such a deed.
		-- A.E. Housman
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm attending the opening of my garage door."
> No manual is ever necessary.
May I politely interject here: BULLSHIT.  That's the biggest Apple lie of all!
(Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of interfaces.)
Be frank and explicit with your lawyer ... it is his business to confuse
the issue afterwards.
It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be
unhappy.
		-- Groucho Marx
"Our reruns are better than theirs."
-- Nick at Nite
Let us live!!!
Let us love!!!
Let us share the deepest secrets of our souls!!!

You first.
Once upon a time, four AMPHIBIOUS HOG CALLERS attacked a family of
DEFENSELESS, SENSITIVE COIN COLLECTORS and brought DOWN their PROPERTY
VALUES!!
"It's like deja vu all over again."   -- Yogi Berra
Work was impossible.  The geeks had broken my spirit.  They had done too
many things wrong.  It was never like this for Mencken.  He lived like
a Prussian gambler -- sweating worse than Bryan on some nights and drunker
than Judas on others.  It was all a dehumanized nightmare...and these
raddled cretins have the gall to complain about my deadlines.
-- Hunter Thompson, "Bad Nerves in Fat City", _Generation of Swine_
Sometimes I feel like I'm fading away,
Looking at me, I got nothin' to say.
Don't make me angry with the things games that you play,
Either light up or leave me alone.
I'm a soldier, not a diplomat.  I can only tell the truth.
		-- Kirk, "Errand of Mercy", stardate 3198.9
Q:	How many college football players does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Only one, but he gets three credits for it.
While you're chewing, think of STEVEN SPIELBERG'S bank account ...  his
will have the same effect as two "STARCH BLOCKERS"!
Practically perfect people never permit sentiment to muddle their thinking.
		-- Mary Poppins
Didja' ever have to make up your mind,
Pick up on one and leave the other behind,
It's not often easy, and it's not often kind,
Didja' ever have to make up your mind?
		-- Lovin' Spoonful
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination.
When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "Intentions"
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.
		-- Woody Allen
America works less, when you say "Union Yes!"
No friendship is so cordial or so delicious as that of girl for girl;
no hatred so intense or immovable as that of woman for woman.
		-- Landor
If we all work together, we can totally disrupt the system.
When a man sits with a pretty girl for an hour, it seems like a minute.
But let him sit on a hot stove for a minute -- and it's longer than any
hour.  That's relativity.
		-- Albert Einstein
According to Arkansas law, Section 4761, Pope's Digest:  "No person
shall be permitted under any pretext whatever, to come nearer than
fifty feet of any door or window of any polling room, from the opening
of the polls until the completion of the count and the certification of
the returns."
Harry's bar has a new cocktail.  It's called MRS punch.  They make it with
milk, rum and sugar and it's wonderful.  The milk is for vitality and the 
sugar is for pep.  They put in the rum so that people will know what to do
with all that pep and vitality.
I don't care for the Sugar Smacks commercial.  I don't like the idea of
a frog jumping on my Breakfast.
		-- Lowell, Chicago Reader 10/15/82
There's one consolation about matrimony.  When you look around you can
always see somebody who did worse.
		-- Warren H. Goldsmith
The wombat lives across the seas,
Among the far Antipodes.
He may exist on nuts and berries,
Or then again, on missionaries;
His distant habitat precludes
Conclusive knowledge of his moods.
But I would not engage the wombat
In any form of mortal combat.
		-- "The Wombat"
SMOKING IS NOW ALLOWED !!!
	Anyone wishing to smoke, however, must file, in triplicate, the
	U.S. government Environmental Impact Narrative Statement (EINS),
	describing in detail the type of combustion proposed, impact on
	the environment, and anticipated opposition.  Statements must be
	filed 30 days in advance.
Hors d'oeuvres -- a ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
		-- Jack Benny
Harrisberger's Fourth Law of the Lab:
	Experience is directly proportional to the amount of equipment ruined.
Razors pain you;
	Rivers are damp.
	Acids stain you,
And drugs cause cramp.

Guns aren't lawful;
	Nooses give.
	Gas smells awful--
You might as well live!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Resume", 1926
Don't worry, nobody really LISTENS to lectures in MOSCOW, either! ...
FRENCH, HISTORY, ADVANCED CALCULUS, COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, BLACK
STUDIES, SOCIOBIOLOGY! ...  Are there any QUESTIONS??
Q:	What is printed on the bottom of beer bottles in Minnesota?
A:	Open other end.
There is something in the pang of change
More than the heart can bear,
Unhappiness remembering happiness.
		-- Euripides
	"I'll tell you what I know, then," he decided.  "The pin I'm wearing
means I'm a member of the IA.  That's Inamorati Anonymous.  An inamorato is
somebody in love.  That's the worst addiction of all."
	"Somebody is about to fall in love," Oedipa said, "you go sit with
them, or something?"
	"Right.  The whole idea is to get where you don't need it.  I was
lucky.  I kicked it young.  But there are sixty-year-old men, believe it or
not, and women even older, who might wake up in the night screaming."
	"You hold meetings, then, like the AA?"
	"No, of course not.  You get a phone number, an answering service
you can call.  Nobody knows anybody else's name; just the number in case
it gets so bad you can't handle it alone.  We're isolates, Arnold.  Meetings
would destroy the whole point of it."
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "The Crying of Lot 49"
If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would
have made them cute and furry. 
		-- Dave Barry
No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.
Ingrate, n.:
	A man who bites the hand that feeds him, and then complains of
	indigestion.
Rocky's Lemma of Innovation Prevention:
	Unless the results are known in advance, funding agencies will
	reject the proposal.
Beam me up, Scotty, there's no intelligent life down here!
Two men were sitting over coffee, contemplating the nature of things,
with all due respect for their breakfast.  "I wonder why it is that
toast always falls on the buttered side," said one.
	"Tell me," replied his friend, "why you say such a thing.  Look
at this."  And he dropped his toast on the floor, where it landed on the
dry side.
	"So, what have you to say for your theory now?"
	"What am I to say?  You obviously buttered the wrong side."
"My life is a soap opera, but who has the rights?"
	-- MadameX
